docs: Add subworkflow and single/mutlistep-stages (#93)
yadage/yadage: docs/definingworkflows.rst

Single-Step Stages
..................

> Single-step stages shedule one instance of the defined packtivity. It allows for simple serial or sequential workflow systems.

Reviewer: perhaps change `workflow systems` to `workflows`.

Composition using Subworkflows
------------------------------

Subworkflows facilitates the definition of an entire workflow to run as a single step inside another workflow. Nesting workflows are very useful, especially when sections of code are run in parallel and are executed independently from each other. 

> One example is a workflow that defines two unique steps, the second depending on the first. The second step expects a file from the first step as input, and it will wait until everything in step one is finished before starting. The first step is called as a multistep-stage and so a number of instances are scheduled of the same packtivity. Without a subworfklow the second step would have to wait until all instances are done in step one before proceeding, despite only depending on the output from one of them. 

Reviewer 2: Cool!! It's fantastic that you give a concrete example to motivate the use of subworkflows, b/c indeed this benefit isn't immediately obvious (at least it wasn't to me... :P). My suggested mods are just to clarify something I was confused about initially, which is that the scenario of running the first step as a multi-step stage is a hypothetical one (i.e. not what's actually done in the example `workflow.yml`) described to illustrate the benefit of running the entire subworkflow as multi-step instead. However, I may have misunderstood the scenario, so please let me know if anything I've added is misrepresentative!

```suggestion
One example is a workflow that defines two unique steps, the second depending on the first. The second step expects a file from the first step as input, and will wait until everything in step one is finished before starting. Suppose that there are multiple inputs to the first step, each of which can be processed through the entire two-step workflow independently. The workflow execution could be parallelized by running both steps as multi-step stages, where a single instance of step one is scheduled to process each input, and likewise a single instance of step two processes the output from an instance of step one. With this approach, the second step instances would need to wait until all instances of step one are finished before proceeding, despite only depending on the output from one of them. 
```

Author: You're definitely right! I was struggling finding the words how to describe the scenario. You did it perfectly though, thank you! :)

When defining a subworkflow to run as a single step inside another workflow, use the property :code:`workflow`.

Example: ::

  # workflow.yml
  stages:
    - name: map
      dependencies: [init]
      scheduler:
        scheduler_type: multistep-stage
        parameters:
          input: {step: init, output: input, unwrap: true}
        workflow: {$ref: subflow.yml}
        scatter:
          method: zip
          parameters: [input]
      
  # subflow.yml    
  stages:
    - name: stageA
      dependencies: ['init']
      scheduler:
        scheduler_type: singlestep-stage
        parameters:
          input_file: {step: init, output: input}
          output_file: '{workdir}/output'
        step: {$ref: steps.yml#/stepA}
    - name: stageB
      dependencies: ['stageA']
      scheduler:
        scheduler_type: singlestep-stage
        parameters:
          input_file: {stages: stageA, output: outputA}
          output_file: '{workdir}/output'
        step: {$ref: steps.yml#/stepB}

> In the above example, the subworkflow is called as a multistep-stage. The subworkflow is referenced using :code:`workflow: {$ref: 'subflow.yml'}` and the packtivities to be scheduled is in turn referenced by the subworkflow. The scattering is done over the variable :code:`input` creating a number of instances. Since the scope was defined as a subworkflow the instances run parallel to each other. In the example, when instance 5 is done with step one (stageA) it can continue to step two (stageB) without having to wait for instance 4 or any other instance to finish step one.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In the above example, the subworkflow is called as a multistep-stage. The subworkflow is referenced using :code:`workflow: {$ref: 'subflow.yml'}` and the packtivities to be scheduled are in turn referenced by the subworkflow. The scattering is done over the variable :code:`input`, which creates a number of instances. Since the scope was defined as a subworkflow, the instances run in parallel. In the example, when instance 5 is done with step one (stageA) it can continue to step two (stageB) without having to wait for instance 4 or any other instance to finish step one.
```

> Since the second step takes as input the output from the first step, it is necessary to adjust the :code:`publisher` field of :code:`steps.yml#/stepA` appropriately. To provide downstream packtivities an entrypoint to process previous data define the :code:`publisher_type` as :code:`interpolated-pub`.

Reviewer 2: Awesome! Wow, this is super comprehensive!
